Add sqlite support (#18)
heetch/sqalx: README.md

## Issue
Please open an issue if you encounter any problem.

## Development
sqalx is covered by a go test suite.  In order to test against specific databases we include a docker-compose file that runs Postgres and MySQL.

### Running all tests

> To run the tests, first run `docker-compose up` to run both Postgres and MySQL in locally-exposed docker iamges.  The run your tests via `./test.sh` which sets up the above described data sources and runs `go test -v ./...`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests, first run `docker-compose up` to run both Postgres and MySQL in locally-exposed docker images.  Then run your tests via `make test` which sets up the above described data sources and runs `go test -v ./...`.
```

Author: Oof - good catch.  I'm pretty embarrassed by those typos.
